docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/how-to/crafting/specify-a-base.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: How to specify a base for a Rockcraft rock. Understand Ubuntu LTS, interim, and bare base options, and how to configure the build base in rockcraft.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: How to select the base of a rock. The base is the filesystem layer that serves as the rock's software foundation.
```

Author: Does [this](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/starflow/latest/how-to/starcraft-style-guide/#product-names) apply to rocks too?

Reviewer: Rocks are artifacts, so no. We say "a snap's" or "snaps" all the time.
